High-level API for registering the engine with scikit-learn's entry point (#20)
soda-inria/sklearn-numba-dpex: README.md

TODO: write some doc here instead.

### Running the tests

To run the tests run the following:

```
pytest sklearn_numba_dpex/
```

To run the `scikit-learn` tests with the `sklearn_numba_dpex` engine you can run the following:

```

> cd ./sklearn_tests

Reviewer: We don't need this folder anymore:

```suggestion
```

pytest -p sklearn_numba_dpex --pyargs sklearn.cluster.tests.test_k_means
```

> (change the `--pyargs` option accordingly to select other test suites). Note that the `sklearn_numba_dpex` pytest plugin will automatically activate the `sklearn_numba_dpex` engine for all tests, and tests that cover unsupported features (that trigger `sklearn_numba_dpex.exceptions.NotImplementedError`) will be automatically marked as xfailed.

Reviewer 2: Julien being nitpicky.
```suggestion
(change the `--pyargs` option accordingly to select other test suites).
Note that the `sklearn_numba_dpex` pytest plugin will automatically activate the `sklearn_numba_dpex` engine for all tests.
Also note that tests covering unsupported features (that trigger `sklearn_numba_dpex.exceptions.NotImplementedError`) will be automatically marked as xfailed.
```
